feat: implement go-handlers 400 errors and return 200 when the page is empty (#707)
Scalingo/go-utils: mongo/CHANGELOG.md

## To be Released

> feat(pagination): implement go-handlers 400 errors and return 200 when the page is empty

Reviewer: Nitpick: the sentence is not really understandable, maybe something like:
```suggestion
feat(pagination): replace BadRequestError by the one from go-handlers to return HTTP 400.
feat(pagination): return HTTP 200 when the page is empty instead of BadRequestError
```
would be better, WDYT?

The idea is: it is a breaking change, we need to be explicit about it.
